OKTA-552301 Team Scotty: Update to rate limits dashboard (#3968)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/rl-dashboard/index.md

Bursts, or unexpected API calls that hit and exceed the rate limit, generate a system log event, an entry in the Rate Limit Monitoring widget, and issue email notifications. Your org receives a notification when the default rate limit is hit. See [Burst rate limits](/docs/reference/rate-limits/#burst-rate-limits).

#### Violation notification

> Rate limit violations generate a system log event, an entry in the Rate Limit Monitoring widget, and issue email notifications. Your org receives a notification when the default rate limit is hit. See [API rate limits and violations](#api-rate-limits-and-violations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rate limit violations generate system log events, entries in the Rate Limit Monitoring widget, and email notifications. Your org receives a notification when the default rate limit is hit. See [API rate limits and violations](#api-rate-limits-and-violations).
```
